# PolarFire, RT PolarFire, and PolarFire SoC

-   **[Transceiver Incremental DFE Calibration Option for Signal Integrity](GUID-FC3C9A91-5E45-4669-9FF7-73BC98244C04.md)**  
Libero SoC v2021.1 extends the PolarFire Transceiver Enhanced Receiver Management \(ERM\) solution to support incremental calibration for the DFE mode.
-   **[Transceiver Simulation Post-synthesis and Post-layout](GUID-4E64C177-7ED8-45A7-BBFB-1CB8BF56FFB8.md)**  
Libero SoC v2021.1 introduces simulation capability of PolarFire Transceiver components at both post-synthesis and post-layout stages.
-   **[DDR4 Throughput Enhancement](GUID-9E3D458A-8198-4C25-B89C-CE2221731065.md)**  
Libero SoC v2021.1 adds bank group interleaving to the DDR4 interface to improve the throughput.
-   **[I/O Recalibration](GUID-ADD5F818-7C10-493C-BF07-33B12335A8E4.md)**  
Libero SoC v12.6 introduced the ability to recalibrate I/Os on-demand for each bank.
-   **[SPI Flash Programming Enhancements](GUID-9F05F92D-7646-4A64-B89C-93D24E7F1CC4.md)**  
Libero SoC v2021.1 adds multiple UIC clients and partial programming capability to SPI Flash.
-   **[SmartDebug I/O Tap Delays](GUID-C4296AC3-177C-46BB-86EB-6310ABAE5173.md)**  
Libero SoC v2021.1 permits debugging of source synchronous timing margins for dynamically tuned PF\_IOD\_GENERIC\_RX IP interfaces.
-   **[Chip Planner Routing View](GUID-FB8856B7-D14A-41E8-A890-D263C7F156AB.md)**  
Libero SoC v2021.1 adds the capability to view post-layout routing in the Chip Planner tool.
-   **[PolarFire XCVR Sourced Fabric Clocks and Jitter Compensation](GUID-A3B4A66C-8FA8-4D02-8879-B95B107AD27A.md)**  

-   **[Tool for Post-layout Flow for Board SI and Timing Tuning](GUID-AE4F3869-F110-4AB5-9B4F-B29A4ADD1A23.md)**  
Libero v2021.1 supports a new tool in the design flow that accepts a PDC file as input.

**Parent topic:**[New Silicon Features and Enhancements](GUID-B3E36F2D-0D18-4B9B-BB70-8C4444AB09AF.md)

